I plan to create a version of Breakout that is soccer-themed. Generally speaking, the game will have two players both
clearing the same block field while also defending their goals. There will be multiple levels each with a different
block configuration and levels end when all blocks have been cleared or all balls scored. The game ends when all levels
are cleared or a player loses all their lives. The general ideas on the game are listed below. 

Two variations in particular inspired me to make my game as such. I thought the Worms version was very interesting 
because of its appealing variety while also sticking closely to the original game in simple block configuration. 
I also liked the idea behind Warlords in creating a version that has a competitive non-score based objective. 

I plan to create levels with block configurations similar to the Blackberry version of this game that I played growing 
up called Brickbreaker. Specifically, the configurations will be relatively symmetrical with simple designs that place 
alike blocks near each other. I plan to include 3 levels. 

I plan to create blocks that take 1 to 4 hits to be destroyed as well as some blocks that cannot be destroyed. Blocks 
that take more hits will be worth more points. Additionally, all blocks will have a chance of dropping power-ups. 

For the paddle, I plan to make it warp from one side of the screen to another, catch balls automatically, release balls
by pressing a key down, and send the ball faster if it is held longer.  

For powerups, I plan to include one that makes the paddle longer, one that makes the ball destroy blocks surrounding
the first block it hits, and one that adds another ball. 

For cheat keys, pressing 2 or 3 will let you go to that level. Pressing L will give additional lives to the player. 
R will reset the ball and paddle to initial positions. C will clear all blocks but allow for continued play and G will 
generate additional balls (to test additions below). 

Additionally, I plan to include a second player/paddle at the top while the first player is at the bottom. At the 
middle of the top and bottom there will be goals. If a ball goes into the top goal the bottom player will get points
and vice versa. The level ends when all blocks are cleared or all balls have been scored into goals. If a player loses 
all their lives before the 3rd level, they lose. In a sense, the game has been modified into a 2 player soccer-like 
game with an additional objective of scoring. 

